README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">🌌 Kavinda Senarathne — Crafting Code, Creating Impact 🚀</h1>

<p align="center">
  <em>Founding Engineer • Full-Stack Engineer • Cloud & AI Innovator</em>
</p>

---

<a href="https://git.io/streak-stats"><img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats-dashboar.vercel.app?user=KavindaS94&theme=dark" alt="GitHub Streak" /></a>

---

## ✨ About Me

I am fueled by the challenge of transforming ambitious ideas into high-impact digital experiences—engineering scalable web applications, architecting resilient cloud ecosystems, and crafting intelligent AI-driven solutions that deliver real value and measurable impact.

---

## 🧠 My Tech Universe

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=angular,nodejs,react,dotnet,typescript,python,aws,gcp,azure,mongodb,mysql,postgres,git,docker,githubactions" />
</p>

---

## 🚀 What I’m Working On

- Scalable web platforms (Angular, Node.js, .NET)
- AI agents & automation systems
- Cloud-native architectures (AWS, Azure, GCP)
- Startup product development & innovation

---

## 🌐 Let’s Connect

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:kavindasenarathne94@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail" /></a>
  <a href="https://medium.com/@kavindasenarathne94"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kavindasenarathne1994/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin" /></a>
  <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/9599641/kavinda-senarathne"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/StackOverflow-F48024?style=for-the-badge&logo=stackoverflow" /></a>
</p>

---

<h3 align="center">🚀 Building the future, one commit at a time.</h3>

Commit message:

Revise README content and section titles
Updated personal description for clarity and impact. Changed section titles for better alignment with content.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">🌌 Kavinda Senarathne — Crafting Code, Creating Impact 🚀</h1>

<p align="center">
  <em>Founding Engineer • Full-Stack Engineer • Cloud & AI Innovator</em>
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://git.io/streak-stats">
    <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats-dashboar.vercel.app?user=KavindaS94&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Streak Stats" />
  </a>
</p>

---

## ✨ About Me

I am fueled by the challenge of transforming ambitious ideas into meaningful, high-impact digital solutions. My work spans across engineering scalable web applications, designing resilient cloud-native infrastructures, and integrating intelligent AI-driven systems that deliver real value, performance, and innovation. I strive to bridge creativity with engineering depth—crafting technology that not only functions beautifully but also solves real-world problems at scale.

---

## 🧠 My Tech Universe

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=angular,nodejs,react,dotnet,typescript,python,aws,gcp,azure,mongodb,mysql,postgres,git,docker,githubactions" />
</p>

---

## 🚀 What I’m Building

I enjoy working at the intersection of **engineering, innovation, and user value**.  
Currently contributing to:

- **Next-generation scalable platforms** using Angular, Node.js, and .NET  
- **AI agents & automation systems** that enhance productivity and decision-making  
- **Cloud-native architectures** deployed across AWS, Azure, and GCP  
- **Product development for startup ecosystems**, bringing ideas from concept to launch  

I thrive in environments where creativity meets strong technical execution.

---

## 🌐 Let’s Connect

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:kavindasenarathne94@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail" /></a>
  <a href="https://medium.com/@kavindasenarathne94"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kavindasenarathne1994/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin" /></a>
  <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/9599641/kavinda-senarathne"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/StackOverflow-F48024?style=for-the-badge&logo=stackoverflow" /></a>
</p>

---

<h3 align="center">🚀 Building the future, one commit at a time.</h3>
